Podiatry

WHAT IS A PODIATRIST
A Podiatrist (the modern word for Chiropodist) diagnoses and treats conditions relating to the foot and lower limb. Both titles are "protected" by the Health & Care Professions Council (HCPC), who ensures practitioners have the necessary credentials to practice.
ROUTINE CHIROPODY £35.00
General foot and nail care to improve comfort and reduce any aches or pains. This routine service is ideal for patients who struggle to look after their own foot care because of poor eyesight, difficulty bending, arthritis or any other health conditions.
NAIL SURGERY From £275
A minor surgical procedure to treat and remove painful toenails with the use of local anaesthetic. The treatment involves removing either a portion of the nail or the entire nail and phenolisation takes place to prevent nail regrowth.
DIABETIC FOOT CARE £35.00
As HCPC registered Podiatrists we have extensive experience in treating patients with diabetes. Your circulation and sensation will be checked followed by nail cutting callus/com removal and a suitable emollient used to moisturize the feet. Your treatment will end with helpful guidance on keeping your feet healthy.
VERRUCA TREATMENT £35.00 per treatment
Following initial assessment, the Podiatrist will advise on the exact nature of the problem and suggest treatment options.
NAIL RECONSTRUCTION From £40.00
Restore and protect nails through clinical nail reconstruction. Consists of the removal of damaged or infected nail then rebuild a false nail.
HOME VISITS AVAILABLE From 35.00
This is an invaluable service to patients who find it difficult to leave their home because of long-term health conditions and disabilities.


WHAT DOES IT MEAN TO BE AN AESTHETIC PRACTITIONER?
This is a role that is primarily within the Medi-spa Sector. It is focused on skin and skin health, understanding how the skin functions and the options available to help clients improve and optimise their skin.
* Please Note: A consultation is required for all aesthetic treatments and a plan is agreed between the client and the practitioner. £25 This is redeemable against the treatment plan.
* Due to the muscles being stronger on a male client more product is generally required, this will incur a further charge.
ANTI WRINKLE INJECTIONS
Upper Face (3 areas) £200
Forehead £110
Eyes - crows feet £110
Corrugator Ñ frown lines Û 95
Lower Face
Bunny lines Û 95
Lip Flip Û 95
Naso tip lift £95
Marionettes £110
Masseter-teeth grinding - jaw contouring £110
Gummy smile £100
Smokers lines £100
Nefertiti neck lift £210


Dermal Fillers

What are dermal fillers?
Dermal fillers are gel-like substances that are injected beneath the skin to restore lost volume, smooth lines, soften creases or enhance facial contours.
Lip enhancement	£100
Nasolabial folds	£100
Marionette lines	£100
Chin contouring	£95
Cannula Treatment
Cheek contouring 	£150
Jaw Contouring	£150
Hyaluronidase available-Filler dissolving £50
DERMAL FILLER FOR FEET
£120 per ML
Suitable for painful corns-provides cushioning
Relieves loss of plantar fatty pads cushioning


Well Being
VITAMIN INJECTIONS From £25.00
B12 Injections It may take a few weeks before your vitamin B12 levels and symptoms (such as extreme tiredness or lack of energy) start to improve.
Vit D injections: Intramuscular injection of vitamin D can maintain increased levels of serum 25(OH)D for at least 6 months
WARM WAX THERAPY From £30.00
A soothing treatment to soften skin and ease joint pain. Recommended for arthritic feet and hands, warm wax therapy uses melted paraffin wax to treat a variety of foot/hand problems.
SCLEROTHERAPY? SPIDER VEINS
Initial consultation and treatment £220
Further treatment £150 per session
Sclerotherapy is a treatment for spider veins which involves injecting a chemical substance called "sclerosant" the solution causes the vein to scar, forcing blood to reroute through healthier veins. The collapsed vein is reabsorbed into local tissue and eventually fades.
REFLEXOLOGY £35.00 half hour session
Reflexology is a technique that applies gentle pressure to your feet or hands. It aims to bring about a state of relaxation and help the body's own healing process.
STEROID INJECTIONS From £225.00
If all other treatments for plantar fasciitis, Achilles tendonitis, Morton's neuroma and painful knee problems have failed you may want to consider steroid injections. Cortisone is injected into the point of pain to reduce inflammation and pain levels.
Profhilo £175
This is a highly innovative and advanced moisturising treatment which boosts and hydrates the skin.
Hyperhidrosis-Excessive sweating of the feet, underarms and hands.
Consultation required. £TBC



MY JOURNEY
Hi everyone, my name is Mhari, I am a fully qualified Podiatrist and Aesthetics practitioner. I am also a non-medical prescriber which allows me to prescribe for my patients when required.
I have been involved in the Beauty Therapy industry for more than 30 years and I have had the privilege of being a head of department for Hairdressing and Beauty Therapy in two separate colleges in Lancashire. I have also worked in various clinics and health farms from which grew my interest in Aesthetics.
I decided I wanted a new challenge and Podiatry was another passion of mine. I therefore took the opportunity to pursue this career at Salford University full time gaining my BSc (Hon) in podiatry.
I have gained much experience working with other professional podiatrists over the years until I decided it was time to branch out on my own. And here I am, in my own clinic and enjoying all the challenges that come my way. I take pride in my work, I love my job from basic nail care to nail surgery. It gives me great pleasure to relieve someone with excruciation in growing toenails.
Everything that i do is within my scope of practice.
Mission Statement:
*To provide value for money for services by an experienced practitioner.
*To provide valuable footcare advice to enable solutions to problems.
*To understand the needs of the patient.


For further information please call on :
01253 522127 or 07718 286956
Opening:	Times:
Monday		8.30 - 5pm
Wednesday		8.30 - 5pm
Friday			8.30 - 5pm
Saturday		9.00 - 12 Noon


Mhari Morton
103 Smithy Lane
Ansdell
FY83PE

Smithylanepodiatry@gmail.com
